Fix: Broken link in troubleshoot.md (#5174)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/query-data/execute-queries/troubleshoot.md

**Potential reason**:

- Non-POSIX-compliant systems (such as Windows) need to specify the root certificates in SslCredentialsOptions for the gRPC client, since the defaults are only configured for POSIX filesystems.

>   [Specify the root certificate path](https://github.com/InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-python#windows-users) For Windows User to config the Flight gRPC client.

Reviewer: This should actually link to a section in the docs rather than to GitHub.

```suggestion
  [Specify the root certificate path](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/client-libraries/v3/python/#specify-the-root-certificate-path) For Windows User to config the Flight gRPC client.
```
